Configuration files: move example section (#45880)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/configuration/splitting_configuration.markdown

automation ui: !include automations.yaml
```

## Example configuration files for inspiration

> Several community members have shared sanitized versions of their configurations, with sensitive information, like API keys and passwords, removed. You can see a [list of example configurations on GitHub](https://github.com/search?q=topic%3Ahome-assistant-config&type=Repositories).

Reviewer: This sentence could be simplified: 
```suggestion
Several community members have shared versions of their configurations without sensitive information, like API keys and passwords. You can see a [list of example configurations on GitHub](https://github.com/search?q=topic%3Ahome-assistant-config&type=Repositories).
```
